Privacy Policy

Last updated: 23 October 2021

This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.

We use Your Personal data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, You agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

# Interpretation and Definitions

## Interpretation

The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.

## Definitions

For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

**Account** means a unique account created for You to access our Service or parts of our Service.

**Company** (referred to as either &quot;the Company&quot;, &quot;We&quot;, &quot;Us&quot; or &quot;Our&quot; in this Agreement) refers to ULTIMA MICROSYSTEMS INC., 2055 LIMESTONE RD STE 200-C WILMINGTON, DE 19808.

**Consumer** , for the purpose of the CCPA (California Consumer Privacy Act), means a natural person who is a California resident. A resident, as defined in the law, includes (1) every individual who is in the USA for other than a temporary or transitory purpose, and (2) every individual who is domiciled in the USA who is outside the USA for a temporary or transitory purpose.

**Cookies** are small files that are placed on Your computer, mobile device or any other device by a website, containing the details of Your browsing history on that website among its many uses.

**Country** refers to State of Delaware, United States

**Device** means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.

**Do Not Track** (DNT) is a concept that has been promoted by US regulatory authorities, in particular the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC), for the Internet industry to develop and implement a mechanism for allowing internet users to control the tracking of their online activities across websites.

**Personal Data** is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.

For the purposes of the CCPA, Personal Data means any information that identifies, relates to, describes or is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with You.

**Sale** , for the purpose of the CCPA (California Consumer Privacy Act), means selling, renting, releasing, disclosing, disseminating, making available, transferring, or otherwise communicating orally, in writing, or by electronic or other means, a Consumer&#39;s personal information to another business or a third party for monetary or other valuable consideration.

**Service** refers to the Website.

**Service Provider** means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used.

**Third-party Social Media Service** refers to any website or any social network website through which a User can log in or create an account to use the Service.

**Usage Data** refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).

**Website** refers to Company&#39;s website or service.

**You** means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.

# Collecting and Using Your Personal Data

## Types of Data Collected

You agree that We may collect the following information about You: Name, contact information, including email address, postal address, phone number, age, gender, IP (Internet Protocol) address, information supplied during the processing of registering with us, data usage trends, data showing the effectiveness of promotional campaigns, browser information, demographic information, browsing preferences, browsing data, the type of device being used, website usage information, information regarding any URLs used with the Services, data regarding use of our Services, equipment you use to access our Website, other information relevant to surveys and/or offers, and any other information We are legally allowed to collect.

### Personal Data and Information You Provide to US

The information You provide to Us on or through our Website may include:

  - i. Information that you provide by filling in forms on our Website. This includes information provided at the time of registering to use our Service.
  - ii. Records and copies of your correspondence (including email addresses), if you contact us.
  - iii. Your responses to surveys that we might ask you to complete for research purposes.

You represent and warrant that to the fullest extent of your knowledge all the information you provide on our Website is accurate and correct. Additionally, we cannot control the actions of and information provided by other users of the Website Therefore, we cannot and

The information You provide to Us to use Our Service may include certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify You. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:

- **Public Data** : This denotes that category of personal data about You that is publicly discoverable through Website (for example, your username).
- **Private by Default Data:** This denotes that category of personal data that is kept private by default but can be converted to Public Data at your option (for example, your resume).
- **Optional Data:** This denotes that category of personal data that may be optionally added by you while using the Services and will become Public Data if added (for example, your GitHub profile URL, your LinkedIn profile URL).
- Usage Data

### Usage Data

Usage Data is collected automatically when You visit or use Our Service.

Usage Data may include information such as Your Device&#39;s Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that You visit, the time and date of Your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

When You access the Service by or through a mobile device, We may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device You use, Your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of Your mobile device, Your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser You use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

We may also collect information that Your browser sends whenever You visit our Service or when You access the Service by or through a mobile device.

### Tracking Technologies and Cookies

We use Cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on Our Service and store certain information. Tracking technologies used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze Our Service. The technologies We use may include:

- **Cookies or Browser Cookies.** A cookie is a small file placed on Your Device. You can instruct Your browser to refuse all Cookies or to indicate when a Cookie is being sent. However, if You do not accept Cookies, You may not be able to use some parts of our Service. Unless you have adjusted Your browser setting so that it will refuse Cookies, our Service may use Cookies.

We use both Session and Persistent Cookies for the purposes set out below:

**Necessary / Essential Cookies**

Type: Session Cookies

Administered by: Us

Purpose: These Cookies are essential to provide You with services available through the Website and to enable You to use some of its features. They help to authenticate users and prevent fraudulent use of user accounts. Without these Cookies, the services that You have asked for cannot be provided, and We only use these Cookies to provide You with those services.

## Use of Your Personal Data

The Company may use Personal Data for the following purposes:

**To provide and maintain our Service** , including to monitor the usage of our Service.

**To manage Your Account:** to manage Your registration as a user of the Service. The Personal Data You provide can give You access to different functionalities of the Service that are available to You as a registered user.

**For the performance of a contract:** to carry out Our obligations and to enforce our rights, as well as compliance with and undertaking of the contract for the products, items or services entered between You and Us, any contract You have purchased or of any other contract with Us through the Service.

**To contact You:** To contact You by email, telephone calls, SMS, or other equivalent forms of electronic communication, such as a mobile application&#39;s push notifications regarding updates or informative communications related to the functionalities, products or contracted services, including the security updates, when necessary or reasonable for their implementation.

**To provide You** with news, special offers and general information if You have opted to receive such information.

**To manage Your requests:** To attend and manage Your requests to Us.

**For business transfers:** We may use Your information to evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of Our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which Personal Data held by Us about our Service users is among the assets transferred.

**For other purposes** : We may use Your information for other purposes, such as data analysis, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and to evaluate and improve our Service, products, services, marketing and your experience.

We may share Your personal information in the following situations:

- **With Service Providers:** We may share Your personal information with Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service, to contact You.
- **With Affiliates:** We may share Your information with Our affiliates, in which case we will require those affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy. Affiliates include Our parent company and any other subsidiaries, joint venture partners or other companies that We control or that are under common control with Us.
- **With other users:** when You share personal information or otherwise interact in the public areas with other users, such information may be viewed by all users and may be publicly distributed outside. If You interact with other users or register through a Third-Party Social Media Service, Your contacts on the Third-Party Social Media Service may see Your name, profile, pictures and description of Your activity. Similarly, other users will be able to view descriptions of Your activity, communicate with You and view Your profile.
- **With Your consent** : We may disclose Your personal information for any other purpose with Your consent.

## Retention of Your Personal Data

The Company will retain Your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use Your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.

The Company will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of Our Service, or We are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.

## Transfer of Your Personal Data

Your information, including Personal Data, is processed at the Company&#39;s operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located. It means that this information may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of Your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from Your jurisdiction.

Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by Your submission of such information represents Your agreement to that transfer.

The Company will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that Your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of Your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of Your data and other personal information.

## Disclosure of Your Personal Data

### Business Transactions

If the Company is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale of all or a portion of Our business to another company, Your Personal Data may be transferred. We will provide notice before Your Personal Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.

### Law enforcement

Under certain circumstances, the Company may be required to disclose Your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).

### Other legal requirements

The Company may disclose Your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:

- Comply with a legal obligation
- Protect and defend the rights or property of the Company
- Prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
- Protect the personal safety of Users of the Service or the public
- Protect against legal liability
- Protect against fraudulent use of Your Personal Data.

**What We Don&#39;t Do with Information We Collect**

We will not disclose, sell, distribute, rent, lease or use any of Your Personal Data or pass on any such information to third parties, which are not our officers, directors, members, managing members, employees, business partners, affiliates, strategic partners, licensors, licensees, independent contractors, third party service providers, agents or representatives, unless We have Your permission or are required by law to do so.

You may see third-party advertising companies to serve ads on Our Website when You visit Our Website. These third-party advertising companies may use advertising technologies such as cookies, web beacons and other similar advertising technologies. We do not disclose Your Personal Information for these purposes without Your consent. However, if You click on or otherwise interact with an advertisement, the advertiser may assume that You meet and satisfy its target criteria and it may collect Your data once You are transferred to a third-party website.

## Security of Your Personal Data

We have implemented measures designed to secure Your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure. The security of Your Personal Data is important to Us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While We strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect Your Personal Data, We cannot guarantee its absolute security. Any transmission of personal information is at Your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Website.

The safety and security of your information also depends on You. Where We have given You (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of Our Website, You are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask You not to share your password with anyone.

## Accessing and Correcting Your Information

You can review and change Your personal information by logging into the Website and visiting Your account profile page. You may also send Us an email to request access to, correct or delete any personal information that You have provided to Us. We cannot delete Your personal information except by also deleting Your user account. We may not accommodate a request to change information if We believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect.

# Detailed Information on the Processing of Your Personal Data

The Service Providers We use may have access to Your Personal Data. These third-party vendors collect, store, use, process and transfer information about Your activity on Our Service in accordance with their Privacy Policies.

## Usage, Performance and Miscellaneous

We may use third-party Service Providers to provide better improvement of our Service.

**Invisible reCAPTCHA**

We use an invisible captcha service named reCAPTCHA. reCAPTCHA is operated by Google.

The reCAPTCHA service may collect information from You and from Your Device for security purposes.

The information gathered by reCAPTCHA is held in accordance with the Privacy Policy of Google: [https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/](https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/)

# Children&#39;s Privacy

Our Service is not intended and does not address anyone under the age of 13. No one under age 13 may provide any personal information to or on the Website. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. If You are a parent or guardian and You are aware that Your child has provided Us with Personal Data, please contact Us. If We become aware that We have collected Personal Data from anyone under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent, We take steps to remove that information from Our servers.

If We need to rely on consent as a legal basis for processing Your information and Your country requires consent from a parent, We may require Your parent&#39;s consent before We collect and use that information.

# Your California Privacy Rights

Under California Civil Code Section 1798.83 (California&#39;s Shine the Light law), California residents can request information twice a year about sharing their Personal Data with third parties for the third parties&#39; direct marketing purposes.

If you&#39;d like to request more information under the California Shine the Light law, and if You are a California resident, You can contact Us using the contact information provided below.

You may request that We delete any personal information that We have collected from or about You. Please note that We may not always be able to fully address Your request, such as if We need the information to complete a transaction for You, to detect and protect against fraudulent and illegal activity, to exercise Our rights, or to comply with a legal obligation.

To learn more about your California privacy rights, visit:https://oag.ca.gov/privacy/privacy-laws.

# Accessing Our Website From Outside Of The United States

This Website and the Service are targeted for users in the United States. Any information You enter on this Website may be transferred outside of the European Union to the United States, which does not offer an equivalent level of protection to that required in the European Union. In particular, You are advised that the United States of America uses a sectoral model of privacy protection that relies on a mix of legislation, governmental regulation, and self-regulation. Article 26 of the European Union&#39;s Data Protection Directive (Directive 95/46/EC, 1995 O.J. (L 281) 31) allows for transfer of personal data from the European Union to a third country if the individual has unambiguously given his consent to the transfer of personal information, regardless of the third country&#39;s level of protection. By using this Website, You consent to the transfer of all such information to the United States which may not offer an equivalent level of protection to that required in the European Union and to the processing of that information by the Company on its servers located in the United States as described in this Privacy Policy.

In general, if You are visiting our Sites from a location outside of the United States, Your connection may be through and to servers located in the United States Any information You provide during your visit will be processed and maintained on Our server and other internal systems located within the United States, You acknowledge that by providing Your personal information to Us, Your personal information (i) will be used for the uses identified above in accordance with this Privacy Policy, and (ii) may be transferred to the United States as indicated above, in accordance with applicable law.

# Links to Other Websites

Our Service may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Us. If You click on a third party link, You will be directed to that third party&#39;s site. We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every site You visit.

We have no control over and assume no responsibility or liability for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.

# Changes to this Privacy Policy

We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting notice on our Website or sending email to verified email address specified in your account.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

The date the Privacy Policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for ensuring We have an up-to-date active and deliverable email address for You, and for periodically visiting Our Website and this Privacy Policy to check for any changes.

# Contact Us

You should contact us if You have any questions, would like further information on Our privacy practices, to exercise any of the rights listed above, to request that Your personal information be removed from Our database, or to report any security violations:

- By email: legal@ultima.inc